hey guys just want to do a critical
video to show you how to put a permanent
line on your layout boat this boat
doesn't really have any tie offs to be
able to tie brush on to it so what you
got to do is do some holes right there
and then you come over here and you've
got these little pop rivets just like
this these are 3/8 take one of those
after you've drilled your holes after
you've measured and drilled your holes
go ahead and take your silicone here
make sure it's waterproof silicone cover
cover the underside of this and cover
each one of the the ends of your pop
rivets slide your both your pop rivets
down in there use your a little twelve
dollar pop rivet gun real cheap from
Lowe's take that and I don't know if you
can see it on the camera but you can see
where I just basically cuts that off
once it mushrooms out underneath here
it'll go ahead and cut the stem off and
and you're good to go I didn't put I
don't put any of these pop rivets on the
top on the ends because if you want to
put another seat here but I do have a
popper or have your pad eyes right here
and here and the seat will just go right
in between them it can slide back and
forth a little bit but this is kind of a
good range where I have those pad eyes
so and then we'll also have a line
running around the bottom lip of the
boat now again all this is above water
but you see on one like this you want to
make sure you get good silicone all the
way around each one of those as you can
see these are some of that prep right
here so that's what the rivets look like
before they're before they're done
you just go to work on it okay as you
can see we've got all of our pad eyes
set like we want them they are good to
go so now what we're gonna do is take
this seven strand 550 paracord and this
is actually a bungee cord so it's only
1/8 inch thick I wish it were 1/4 inch
but we're probably a double wrap the
whole area so basically what we're going
to do is take this cord tie it to
probably to this corner right here and
then run it all the way around and
that's what that's what what is going to
allow us to strap our or zip tie our
mesh fencing to so we're at the end of
day one I have the bungee cable on the
boat
you see I've ran it through every one of
the pad eyes on here
and all the way around the lip of that
then I came back around and ran it all
the way across the top here on both
sides and now I've just got it tied off
here on the end until I decide exactly
what length since that's only 8 inch I
may go back around with it one more time
as you can see I still got quite a bit
of rope left so alright as you can see
we've got our knitting on and you can
see we've attached it to the top and
we've attached it to the bottom once I
had it fully attached I went ahead and
trimmed it right here at the waterline
and so that's just kind of the sides so
essentially we have both sides
completely netted so our brush is
actually ready to go on there and now
it's time to figure out the netting on
the front and then on the back back
there so as you can see we've got our
netting completely on front back
I didn't zip tie it down to here because
I won't have access to that little
apartment right there so as you can see
this thing came originally with nice
bungee strap so what I did was I just
ran my smaller bungee just rectly there
so I was able to attach to it so if I
ever need to get in here I can just
unhook that one and the other one and it
won't affect how this is on here so now
what I'm gonna do is attach brush to
this netting so the brush that I'll be
using is a Spanish moss here in
Southeast Texas there's plenty of that
to go around so you just if you know
somebody that's got some property or you
can just get something off the side of
the road and basically it works the same
as raffia grass or any kind of
store-bought grass but what's nice is
when you put your zip ties in there you
won't have to worry about your zip ties
being exposed it'll kind of disappear
down into there so now I didn't mention
this earlier but to attach all your
netting and everything I only use these
four inch little zip ties just these
four inch short you can get these from
Walmart for a lot cheaper even than
Lowe's so and now to attach the brush
I'll be using these eight inch cable
ties so here we go as you can see we're
about halfway through we've got a brush
all on this side so making good progress
as you can see this is the final product
we were able to cut the netting at the
water line and then whenever you put
your brush on there it'll actually drip
down below the waterline to make it look
as natural as possible so I've also got
some layout doors that are just that
same mesh material that has a PVC pipe
on the base end of it right here and
then I've attached my netting all to it
and then I have a zip tied that to the
side of it so as you can see you can hop
down in there and have you a good cover
wherever you want to go I'm still
debating on if I want to keep those
doors or not I may end up just cutting
natural brush and I can still slide
natural
rush in to cover the opening of the hole
in there so there it is for pretty
inexpensive probably under $100 you can
make your own blind if you can find
anywhere to get free free brush
especially like this Spanish moss it's a
really good deals so I want to give you
guys a recap on the items that we used
and where I got the items and basically
the best prices that you're going to be
able to get on on most of your items so
to start off I went to Walmart and was
able to get the silicone you seen in the
video just got that from Walmart I also
got the four inch cable ties zip ties as
well as the eight inch that's Walmart's
gonna be your best price on those then I
went to Lowe's and was able to get your
green fencing that's about three quarter
inch of green fencing you can find it in
the gardening section also got these pop
rivets
they are 3/16 in diameters and they are
1/2 inch length to give you plenty of
room for whatever material you're going
through just got those at Lowe's as well
as well as the Stanley pop rivet gun
it's about twelve or fourteen bucks at
Lowe's the other thing I ended up
getting I didn't go to Bass Pro for this
where these pad eyes so everywhere I've
got these put these on the boat got
these from Bass Pro you can find them in
the kayak section they're just a few
bucks at four for a pack of about ten or
twelve of them
and lastly my bungee cable that I use I
actually ordered this off of paracord
planet comm but you can actually you
might go find it at Walmart like I said
I would prefer one one quarter inch over
one eighth inch so like I said I got
plenty of this leftover to use for
anything else other boats I'm
in the future thanks guys